Hi, I'm [?].
a masters student
in electrical engineering,
researching in the blockchain field.
It was four years ago
that I became interested in blockchain.
I thought it's a revolutionary technology
and has the potential
to create a new social system.
After that,
I've been involved in the technical side
and have worked on solving the problems
of the blockchains.
For me,
Spacemesh is also a revolutionary platform
attempting
to make blockchains more decentralized
and remove barriers
for the ordinary people.
I think we need platforms
to facilitate the process of adoption,
and definitely,
Spacemesh can make it happen.